Update hardware_keyboard_guidelines.md (#4833)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/hardware_keyboard_guidelines.md

* `H`
  * The height of the key, in Key Units. Ignored if `ks` is provided. Default: `1`
* `R`

>   * How many degrees clockwise to rotate the key. (Not supported by config.qmk.fm right now)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * How many degrees to rotate the key by, clockwise. (Currently not supported by QMK Configurator.)
```
The Configurator is referred to as “QMK Configurator” earlier in the doc, rather than by its URL.
Reword the description a bit.
